Title:
This is my new name - make sure it is not the same as my last name.

this app has a system of global ids to apply to egui widgets.
This is to avoid id conflicts tha can cause red flashes.
read only: widget_ids.txt for a first run assessment. (do not read any other files in 
docs)

for a sanity check that EGUI itself offers not function to avoid id conflict.
then update widget_ids for a more complete plan to ensure evey widget gains a unique id.

plan mode only:
EGUI offer some error codes to capture issues - specifically those associated with id conflicts etc. (which can cause red flashes).

Make a plan to add error handling to this app to capture those codes.
This app should create an error.log file which captures error data.

-- 

I want to make a plna to improve the coverage of the performance review.

This app is meant to load fast/search fast/scroll fast/manipulate text fast.
It should do this for enormous text files (100ms to Gbs). it shoudl do this for a lot of files. (>10,000)

It shoudl allow an enormous amout of views in to those files & an enormous amout of tabs 

look at the current performance view/look for gaps/look for oppertunities to improve/look for ways to improve the presentation of this data.

write a plan. and once the plan is completet full implement the plan.
move fast/break things.
p
don't stop untill your done. You are working on the measurement code/don't touch the project code.

-- 

on the overview page in open_overview:

As a Pie Chart with numbers.
Total Project Application Code
Total Project Test Code
Total Project Other Code.

Latest Guthub Push.
Can we should the lines of code progress over time from github as a graph?
Date of Push - Number of lines.

---

we should only be searching (open) file - where those are titled or untitled files.
multple views into a single file should not effect the result.

ie. if a file has 100 tiles. if the world plan exists once the search find one.
Even if the highlighting highlights that 1 in all 100 tiles.

so it should always be files & never targets.


--

make a plan:
Have two modes - control chars are not visible in the editor but reatained & acted up.
chontrol chars are visible in the editor & actable on. ie. removing a newline char  - removes the newline. (this includes all unicode chars)

this removes read only mode.

short plan - 3 or 4 paragraphs. whether or not control chars are visible is either set in status bar or from right click.

only plan - no code.







